I think it depends on what time of my life we're talking about in high
school. I waas uh, okay, student. I wasn't I was never, like, straight
A's or anything like that. Subjects that interested me. I did well
in subjects that I hated. I did poorly in, um, I was kind of a shy
student, so I didn't, like, seek out help. Usually, if I was having
trouble, I just kind of suffered in silence and then did poorly. Um,
and I carried that tradition with me into my bachelor's degree, where
the courses that I was really interested in I tended to do really
well in and the ones like the G requirements, the ones I had to take
I was less engaged in, did not put his much effort into, um and,
you know, consequently tended not to do as well in those classes. Um,
I think that once I got towards the end of my bachelor's degree,
when I was just pretty much taking classes in psychology, I started
to do a little bit better overall, Um, mainly because specifically for
those courses that just weren't as engaging to me, I kind of just
started realizing that I just needed to do well, Period. At that point,
I was kind of thinking about the possibility of going to graduate
school or doing something beyond just my bachelor's degree. And so
I know that I I knew at that point that I needed to keep my my g p
a up, Um And so I you know, I worked a little harder, particularly
for those classes that just weren't is engaging to me. Um and then,
honestly, by the time I got to graduate school, I was a great student,
but that's because I was absolutely 100% engaged. I I loved what
I was doing. I loved all of my classes. Um, I just love the learning
process. And even if a class wasn't something that I could directly
see, like how I needed to have this information right now, I knew that
I would probably need it sometime in the future. And so that just
kept me engaged. So I think I finish really strong as a student. I
was a great student at the time. I finished my PhD, but I definitely
did not start out that way.